Updated documentation for UG and DG for DetailCommand (#181)
AY2324S1-CS2103-F13-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

Reviewer: There are some unintentional changes (maybe merging error?) that is in the UG:
- TOC has duplicate on the schedule command
- the addition of the "duplicate names" in EditCommand is deleted (I added it for more clarification) , rmb to add it back
- the expected output is supposed to be deleted, not added back, because it's not in our actual app

also remember to update the command summary in the table below

Author: updated in latest commits, my bad about overwriting it by accident, thanks for pointing it out!

    * [Schedule a meeting with a specific person : `schedule`](#schedule-a-meeting-with-a-specific-person--schedule)
    * [Clearing a scheduled meeting with a specific person : `clearschedule`](#clearing-a-scheduled-meeting-with-a-specific-person--clearschedule)
    * [Adds a note to a specific person : `note`](#adds-a-note-to-a-specific-person--note)

>     * [Schedule a meeting with a specific person: `schedule`](#schedule-a-meeting-with-a-specific-person--schedule)

Reviewer: Duplicate of schedule command in line 18

* When editing tags, the existing tags of the person will be removed i.e. adding of tags is not cumulative.
* You can remove all the person’s tags by typing `t/` without
  specifying any tags after it.

> * Same as `add`, no duplicate names (case-sensitive) are allowed.

Reviewer: Please remember to add this back

Examples:
*  `edit 1 n/John Sick p/87654321 t/` edits the 1st person’s name, phone number and clears the tags in the current displayed list.
*  `edit 2 n/Betsy Crower t/` edits the name of the 2nd person to be `Betsy Crower` and clears all existing tags.

> Expected output:

Reviewer: Hmm, this is not supposed to be here, I deleted it because it's not in the actual app.

*  `schedule 1 i/2023-12-07-13-45` edits or adds the 1st person's schedule time and name, where the schedule time is `7 Dec 2023, 13:45:00`, and the schedule name is the default name, `Meeting`.
*  `schedule 3 i/2024-05-06-18-00 a/Evening seminar` edits or adds the 3rd person's schedule time and name, where the schedule time is `6 May 2024, 18:00:00`, and the schedule name is `Evening seminar`.

### View details of a specific contact: `detail`

Displays all details of a specific contact via index.

Format: `detail INDEX`

> * Deletes the person at the specified `INDEX`.
> * The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed contact list.
> * The index **must be a positive integer** starting from 1.
> * UI displaying person details can only be updated by this command.
> 
> Examples:
> * `detail 1` displays the details for the person in the first index.
> * `find Betsy` followed by `detail 2` details the 2nd person in the results of the `find` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Shows the details of the person at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed contact list.
* The index **must be a positive integer** starting from 1.
* UI displaying person details can only be updated by this command.

Examples:
* `detail 1` displays the details for the person in the first index.
* `filter c/Google` followed by `detail 2` details the 2nd person in the results of the `filter` command.
```

Reviewer: There is no more `find` command in our app; also some typo?

Reviewer: the "can only be updated by this command part" can be deleted if the ui change is implemented successfully
